mold: Add README (#24569)
conan-io/conan-center-index: recipes/mold/README.md

# mold: A Modern Linker

> mold is a faster drop-in replacement for existing Unix linkers. It is several
> times quicker than the LLVM lld linker, the second-fastest open-source linker,
> which I initially developed a few years ago. mold aims to enhance developer
> productivity by minimizing build time, particularly in rapid debug-edit-rebuild
> cycles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mold is a faster drop-in replacement for existing Unix linkers. It is several
times quicker than the LLVM lld linker, the second-fastest open-source linker.
mold aims to enhance developer productivity by minimizing build time, 
particularly in rapid debug-edit-rebuild cycles.
```

> You can configure [Conan](https://github.com/conan-io) to download the latest
> version of `mold` and use it as the linker when building your dependencies and
> projects from source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure Conan to download the latest version of `mold` and use it as the linker 
when building your dependencies and projects from source. Currently only supported
when targeting Linux as the platform.
```

> Add the following section to your _host_ profile targeting Linux:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use mold automatically as the linker, you can add the following section to your
_host_ profile that targets Linux. When using gcc, please note that the following
flags require gcc 12.1 or greater.
```

```
[tool_requires]
*:mold/[*]
[conf]

> # The following config will only work with clang or gcc >= 12

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
